Emergency medical centers

A medical facility that provides emergency medical services after the normal operating hours of the medical centers. The center provides treatment by a medical team, basic laboratory tests and X-ray tests.

     included

     My Maccabi
     included

     Maccabi Gold
     included

     Maccabi Silver
     included

     The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

medical condition

Before arriving at the center with a fever/respiratory illness, it is recommended to perform a rapid corona test (antigen) at home
Who is eligible?

Maccabi members who need urgent medical treatment.
What is the eligibility?

Treatment at emergency medical centers during the hours when the medical centers are closed.

 
How much does it cost?

in the centers of Maccabi

A deductible of NIS 96 will be paid

 

at the centers in the agreement with Maccabi

         At night: from midnight to 7:00 a.m. - a deductible of NIS 23 deductible will be paid
         During the day: from 8:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. - full payment will be paid (varies from center to center, it is recommended to inquire in advance)
         On Fridays and Saturdays: at all hours of the day - a deductible of NIS 96 will be paid

Cases that are exempt from paying a call center fee:
Applying for a doctor's referral to an emergency medical center

 

         If you received a referral to an emergency medical center from a Maccabi doctor or any other doctor. The validity of the reference varies according to the day of the reference:
                 Sunday-Wednesday: the referral is valid until the next day at 8:00 AM
                 Thursday: The referral is valid until Friday, throughout the day
                 Friday: The referral is valid until Sunday at 8:00
                 Holiday eve: the referral is valid until the next weekday at 8:00
         If you received a telephone referral to an emergency medical center from a doctor, provided that the referral was given before you went to the emergency center and is documented by the doctor.
         If you were referred by the hotline to the emergency room and hospitalized.
         If you were referred to an emergency medicine center on Friday-Saturday and a holiday by a Maccabi doctor from the medical center.

A nurse referred her to an emergency medical center

 

If you belong to the home care unit and received a referral to the emergency medical center from the nurses of the home care unit.
Medical treatment in emergency situations

 

         An injury that requires fusion by suturing or gluing
         Foreign body penetration into the eye
         Hypoglycemia from 60 glucose units or less in juvenile diabetics
         A new fracture
         Plaster repair from the previous day
         Damage to the teeth
         Inhalation of a foreign body into the respiratory tract
         Dislocation of shoulder, elbow or jaw
         Urinary retention that required the installation of a catheter
         Bleeding after an invasive operation (in hospital up to 10 days after the operation)
         A burn in the eye from a chemical substance
         3rd degree burn
         Head injury in friends over the age of 70
         Familial dysautonomia patients
         A life-threatening allergic reaction
         Epileptic seizure in a known epileptic patient
         Sexual assault or domestic violence
         Treatment of the following diseases and conditions, in relation to the disease itself:
             cancer
             Hemophilia
             Dialysis
             cystic fibrosis (CF)

women

     

Pregnant women:

         Labor
         Massive bleeding
         Lack of fetal movement from the third trimester of pregnancy (from week 28 onwards)

Women in fertility treatments:

         On Sunday - Thursday: administration of Pregnil and Ovitrel injections only
         On Fridays and Saturdays: giving injections required for fertility treatment

Toddlers and children

 

             Head injury in toddlers under two years of age
             Fever 38.5 or higher in babies up to 60 days old
             Injury to a student as part of a kindergarten, school or school trip. Conditional on bringing permission from the kindergarten or
             School

Hit or bitten by an animal

 

             Snake or scorpion bite
             animal bite In case of a bite, you must contact the Ministry of Health

car accidents

 

A known traffic accident victim or a traffic accident victim who has permission from the police:

         A visit to the emergency room within 48 hours of the day of the accident
         A visit to the emergency room within 3 to 7 days from the date of the accident and the visit is due to the accident - conditional on presenting a police certificate in which you are registered as a casualty, as well as a release sheet from the emergency room
         A visit to the emergency room from the 8th day onwards from the day of the accident and the visit results from the accident, only in the case where you are required to pay a fee (a visit between 11:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. or in the event that there was a medical justification for a visit to the emergency room)

Work accidents

 

A victim of a work accident who has a certificate from his employer - form BL 250 or form BL 283 on an injury at work, provided he goes to the ER within 7 days of the injury
Repeated inquiries

 

Returning to the hotline for a problem that has already been dealt with. Eligibility varies according to the time of the first application:

         First application on Sunday-Wednesday: allows a repeat application for the same problem until 22:30 on the same day (according to the operating hours of the call center)
         First application on Thursday - allows repeat application until Friday at 22:30 (according to the operating hours of the call center)
         First application on Friday or on the eve of a holiday - allows repeated application throughout Friday and Saturday or on the eve of a holiday and a holiday
         First application on Shabbat - allows repeat application throughout Shabbat only

 
Where is the service provided?

In the centers of Maccabi and in the centers in the agreement with Maccabi:

     Children's Center - emergency medical services for children
     Adult center - emergency medical services for adults
     Women's Center - emergency medical services in the field of gynecology
     Trauma center (orthopedic) - providing primary treatment for orthopedic injuries, with the option of splinting or immobilizing the injured limb, and treatment of injuries that require stitches or adhesions.

To locate Maccabi hotspots and hotspots in an agreement with Maccabi
what should you do?

Contact the emergency medical center.
Important Information

         The deductible that must be paid to the center is lower than the payment to the emergency room
         Reception hours may change on holiday evenings, holidays and summer vacations. It is recommended to verify the operating hours in advance by dialing the Maccabi call center non-stop*3555