Recovery days after a heart attack

Recovery after a heart attack is a transitional phase between hospitalization and the daily routine at the patient's home. In the recovery centers, the patient is given advice and guidance by a medical team.

     included

     My Maccabi
     included

     Maccabi Gold
     included

     Maccabi Silver
     included

     The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Types of insurance plans medical condition
Who is eligible?
Friends who have gone through one of the following events

 

             Heart Attack
             heart surgery
             TAVI - aortic valve replacement with cardiac catheterization
             Implantation of a pacemaker and defibrillator
             Interventional catheterization
             Grade 2 or 3 heart failure and/or moderate or greater left ventricular dysfunction (LVEF less than 35%)

What is the eligibility?
My Maccabi, Maccabi Gold, Maccabi Silver

7 sick days after each event
base basket

5 sick days after each event
How much does it cost?

Commitment without deductible.
Where is the service provided?
Sheba Hospital, Tel Hashomer

Cardiac Rehabilitation Clinic (Shi Lev)

Tel. 03-5304444.
what should you do?

Submit a discharge letter from the hospital to the medical center to receive a commitment.
What else should you know?

     Each new cardiac event entitles the member to a new entitlement to recovery days.
     It is not possible to exercise the right after a diagnostic catheterization or after implanting a normal pacemaker (not a defibrillator)
     The entitlement can be exercised up to 7 days from the date of discharge from the hospital

If you are entitled to medical treatment or reimbursement or participation for medical expenses under the following laws, the service will not be provided as part of the additional health services:

 

         A victim of hostilities is recognized by the National Insurance
         Ministry of Defense disabled 20% or more
         Victim of car accidents

 

If the need for the service does not result from the recognized violation of the laws detailed above, a letter from a doctor confirming this must be forwarded to the medical center office (branch), in order to obtain permission to exercise the right.

You can submit the letter in an envelope to Al Tor or send it by registered mail or by email to the medical center. To locate a medical center >

All of the above is subject to the regulations of the additional health services at Maccabi.

My Maccabi regulations >

Maccabi Gold regulations >

Regulations of Maccabi Silver >