MRI, CT and complex mappings

Non-invasive tests that allow to create a picture of the bones, tissues and internal organs.

Last updated: 20.3.23

 included

 Maccabi Mine
 included

 Maccabi Gold
 included

 Maccabi Silver
 included

 The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Types of insurance plans
Who's eligible?

Members received a medical referral and preliminary approval from the National Advisory Center for Imaging Tests.
What's the entitlement?

MRI, CT and complex mappings.
How much does it cost?

Commitment of 36₪ Quarterly deductible
Where is the service provided?
Institutes of imaging in the agreement
Assuta Network

Public hospitals in that agreement.
What should you do?
The way the application is submitted varies depending on the type of examination and the referrer doctor:

Physician Referral
 

How to apply

Referencing Maccabi doctor for tests:

 CT
 MRI
 PET CT

 

Obligation and referral for examination are issued by the doctor.

 

In cases where no obligation has been produced at the doctor's clinic, the application will be forwarded by the doctor for approval of a national imaging center.

Referral of doctors outside Maccabi, including Assuta, in the following areas: orthopedics/neurosurgery/oncology.

 

Referral from nursing hospitals/nursing homes — when the Pune is not mobile and not treated by a Maccabi doctor.
 

You need to forward the referral directly to a national imaging center in Maccabi via email: DimutRequest@mac.org.il

Or by fax: 03-7952704

In the rest of cases
 

A referral to a Maccabi doctor is required.

 

Depending on the type of examination, the doctor will forward an application for approval to a Maccabi National imaging center or issue a pledge on the spot.

* In case you need to complete details — you will receive a text, email or telephone call from the imaging center.
Please care time at the Maccabi National Imaging Center:

 Applications for approval of CT tests - will be handled within 3 working days
 Applications for approval of MRI tests - will be handled within 5 working days
 Applications for approval of complex mappings tests - will be handled within 5 working days

After receiving the certificate of the pledge, an appointment should be made for inspection.
Arrival with a commitment to the Assuta network, including public Assuta Ashdod:

 Members with active permanent instruction - the service has no arrival obligation with a printed obligation - service providers can observe the obligation.
 Members without active permanent instruction - there is a duty of arrival with a printed obligation. Thus, a permanent instruction must be updated.

Changing the venue performing a test

In case of changing the place of examination, a change in referral to a doctor is not required, but it is necessary to treat the obligation according to the specified below:

 

 When the commitment is to a public hospital and you are interested in taking the test in one of Assuta's offshoots, including Assuta Public Hospital:
 No change is required to make a change to the service provider in the obligation.
 Inspection carried out in any of the hospitals of Assuta - accept any obligations of the network, there is no need to change service provider.

 When the commitment is to Assuta Hospital, including Assuta Public Ashdod, and you are interested in taking the test in a public hospital:
 Change of place performing an inspection is contingent on approval of a commitment focus and in accordance with existing agreements with service providers.

Receiving decryption/disk after performing a test

Do directly in front of the doctor or the referrer.
