Convalescence days after heart event

Recovery after a cardiac event constitutes a transitional stage between hospitalization and the daily routine in the patient's home. In the recovery centers, the patient is provided advice and guidance by medical staff.

 included

 Maccabi Mine
 included

 Maccabi Gold
 included

 Maccabi Silver
 included

 The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Types of insurance plans | Medical Condition
Who's eligible?
Members who have undergone one of the following events

 

 Heart attack
 Heart surgery
 TAVI - aortic valve replacement in cardiac catheterization
 Implantation of a defibrillator pacemaker
 Interventional catheterization
 Grade 2 or 3 heart failure and/or decreased left ventricular function of moderate severity or higher (LVEF smaller than 35%)

What's the entitlement?
Maccabi Shelly, Maccabi Gold, Maccabi Silver

7 sick days after each event
Basis Basket

5 sick days after each event
How much does it cost?

Non-deductible pledge.
Where is the service provided?
Sheba Hospital, Tel Hashomer

Cardiac Rehabilitation Clinic (Shay Lev)

Tel.03-5304444.
What should you do?

Submit to the medical center a discharge letter from the hospital to get a commitment.
What else is worth knowing?

 Each new cordial event entitles the member with a new entitlement to recovery days.
 Eligibility cannot be exercised after a diagnosed catheterization nor after implantation of a regular pacemaker (not a defibrillator)
 Eligibility can be exercised up to 7 days from the date of discharge from the hospital

If you are entitled to medical care or reimbursement or participation for medical expenses under the following laws, the Service shall not be provided under the Additional Health Services:

 

 Hit by hostilities recognized by Social Security
 Disabled Ministry of Defence 20% or higher
 Injured by road accidents

 

If the need for the service is not due to the violation recognized in the laws listed above, a letter from a doctor confirming this must be passed to the office of the medical center (branch), in order to obtain permission for the realization of eligibility.

The letter can be submitted in a shell to a queue or sent by registered mail or email to the medical center. Medical Center Detection >

All of the above is subject to the additional health care regulations in Maccabi.

My Maccabi Rules >

Maccabi Gold Rules >

Maccabi Money Rules >
