Foci for Emergency Medicine

A medical facility that provides emergency medical services after the normal operating hours of the medical centers. In the focus is given the treatment of medical staff, basic laboratory tests and X-ray examinations.

 included

 Maccabi Mine
 included

 Maccabi Gold
 included

 Maccabi Silver
 included

 The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Medical condition

Before reaching the epicenter with heat/airway disease, it is recommended to conduct a rapid coronavirus (antigen) test at home
Who's eligible?

Maccabi members in need of emergency medicine.
What's the entitlement?

Treatment of emergency medicine centers during the hours when medical centers are closed.

 
How much does it cost?

In the locations of Maccabi

A deductible of 96 NIS will be paid 

 

In locations in agreement with Maccabi

 Night-time: from midnight to 7:00am - a deductible of 23 NIS Deductible will be paid
 Daytime: from 8:00am to 7:00pm - full payment will be paid (varies from targeted to hotline, it is recommended to inquire in advance)
 Fridays and Saturdays: at all times of the day - a deductible of 96 NIS will be paid

Cases exempt from payment of a hotline fee: 
Referral to referring a doctor to an emergency medicine center

 

 If you received a referral to an emergency medical center from a Maccabi doctor or any other doctor. The validity of the referral varies according to the day of the invocation:
 Days Sunday: Reference is valid until the next day at 8:00
 Thursday: Reference is valid until Friday, throughout the day
 Friday: Reference is valid until Sunday at 8:00pm
 Holiday Eve: The referral is valid until the upcoming weekday at 8pm
 If you received a telephone referral to an emergency medical center from a physician, provided that the referral was given prior to your call to the hotline and documented with the doctor.
 If referred by the hotline for ER and hospitalized.
 If you were referred for treatment at an emergency medical center on Friday-Saturday and holiday by a Maccabi doctor from the medical center.

Her face referring a nurse to an emergency medicine hotline

 

If you were associated with a home care unit and received a call to an emergency medical center from the Home Treatment Unit.
Medical care in emergency situations

 

 An injury that requires defragmentation by sewing or gluing
 Penetration of a foreign body into the eye
 Hypoglycemia from 60 units of glucose to below in juvenile diabetics
 New fragment
 Plasterboard repair from the day before
 Teeth-contusion
 Inhalation of a foreign body into the respiratory tract
 Dislocation of shoulder, elbow or jaw
 Urine retention that necessitated the installation of a catheter
 Bleeding after invasive action (in a hospital up to 10 days after operation)
 Eye burn from chemical
 Burn rank 3
 Head trauma in friends over 70
 Familial dysautonomia patients
 Life-threatening allergic reaction
 Epileptic seizure in a known epileptic patient
 Sexual assault or domestic violence
 Treatment of the following diseases and conditions, in connection with the disease itself:
 crab
 Hemophilia
 dialysis
 Cystic fibrosis (CF)

women

 

Pregnant women:

 Birth axes
 Massive bleeding 
 Lack of fetal movements from third trimester in pregnancy (from week 28 onwards)

Women in fertility treatments:

 Sunday - Thursday: Giving Pregnil and Ovitrel injections only
 Friday and Saturday: the administration of injections is required for fertility treatment

Toddlers and children

 

 Head trauma in toddlers under 2 years
 Fever 38.5 and above in infants up to 60 days
 Injury of a student in the framework of a kindergarten, school or school trip. Conditional on bringing approval from kindergarten or
 School

Blow or bite by an animal

 

 Snakebite or Scorpio
 Animal bite. In case of bite it is mandatory to apply to the Ministry of Health

Road accidents

 

Familiar car accident casualty or car accident casualty who has permission from the police:

 Emergency visit within 48 hours of accident
 Emergency visit within 3 to 7 days from the day of the accident and the visit is due to the accident - conditional on the presentation of a police certificate in which you are registered as a casualty, as well as an emergency release sheet
 Emergency visit from 8 onwards from the day of the accident and the visit is due to the accident, only in the event that a fee was charged (visit from 23.00 to 06.00 or in case there was a medical justification for an emergency room visit)

Work accidents

 

Injured work accident by permission from his employer - Form BL 250 or Form B.L. 283 for work injury, provided he applied to the ER within 7 days of the injury
Repeat inquiries

 

Repeated appeal to Dispatch for an issue that has already been addressed. Eligibility varies according to the time of the first turn:

 First turn on Sunday - 4: Allows reappeal for the same issue until 22:30 on the same day (depending on the hours of the focus)
 First turn on Thursday - allows a return call until Friday at 22:30 (depending on the hours of focus)
 First turn on Friday or on the eve of a holiday - allows a return appeal throughout Friday and Saturday or on the eve of the holiday
 First turn on Saturday - Allows return appeal throughout the Sabbath only

 
Where is the service provided?

Maccabi locations and locations in agreement with Maccabi:

 Pediatric Hotline - Pediatric Emergency Medical Services
 Adult Hotline - Adult Emergency Medical Services
 Women's focus - emergency medical services in the field of gynecology
 Focal Trauma (Orthopedic) - Providing primary care for orthopedic contusions, with the possibility of gibbus or fixation of the affected limb, and treatment of injuries that require stitches or adhesions. 

To locate locations of Maccabi and locations in agreement with Maccabi
What should you do?

Contact the emergency medicine hotline.
It is important to know

 The deductible to be paid to a hotline is lower than the payment to an emergency room
 On holiday evenings, weekdays and summer holidays, there may be changes in reception hours. It is recommended to verify the hours of operation in advance with a non-stop Maccabi Hotline 3555*

