Evacuation for triage in case of severe allergic reaction

Evacuation of a friend with a severe allergic reaction - by ambulance

Last updated: 28.3.23

 included

 Maccabi Mine
 included

 Maccabi Gold
 included

 Maccabi Silver
 included

 The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Medical condition
Who's eligible?

Severe allergic reaction that requires intravenous infusion and/or face after EpiPen injection.
What's the entitlement?

Evacuation to an emergency room by an MDA ambulance or a licensed company by the Ministry of Health.

 In case of evacuation by MDA ambulance, Maccabi will pay the cost of the evacuation.
 In case of evacuation by an authorized company on behalf of the Ministry of Health - a refund will be given up to the height of the MDA tariff or a refund for the tariff paid - the lowest of them.

For information on non-outpatient ambulance evacuation eligibility
How much does it cost?

No cost. 
Where is the service provided?

in a public hospital adjacent to the place of residence or the place of the incident.
What should you do?

 If you have an entitlement to funding from Maccabi, you have not yet paid for the evacuation by ambulance and 85 days from the date of evacuation have not passed - you should contact the Maccabi Medical Center to produce a commitment for the evacuation. The branch office will transfer the pledge directly to the MDA or the ambulance company in the agreement.
 If you have an entitlement to funding from Maccabi, you have not yet paid for the evacuation by ambulance and 85 days have passed from the date of evacuation - you must pay the voucher independently and then access the medical center's offices with the original receipt and a letter of release from the ER to receive a refund.
 If you have an entitlement to funding from Maccabi and paid the eviction voucher independently - you should contact the medical center's offices with the original receipt and a letter of release from the ER for reimbursement.
 For a commitment from the medical center you must bring the voucher for payment of the ambulance company and a letter of release from the ER.
 If you paid the eviction voucher via the Internet — you must bring the medical center's office a printed receipt from the Internet with the original MDA billing notice and a letter of release from the ER. Only after reviewing the case and confirmation will the medical center be able to make the refund, based on the original receipt.

For a refund, apply for a refund on the Maccabi Online website or app and attach the required documents.

If necessary, the documents can also be submitted at an appointment at the medical center or sent by registered mail to the medical center.

 

The required documents:

 Original receipt of payment to the ambulance company.
 Letter of release from ER

Medical Center Detection
For an explanation of applying for a refund on the website or app
What else is worth knowing?

 Maccabi produces an automatic commitment to MDA. However, if you received a reminder about debt to MDA, it is your responsibility to contact the medical center for debt regulation in order not to accrue interest and attorney expenses.
 The funding from Maccabi would not include retainers and a lawyer, if there were, but only the basic amount of the ambulance evacuation.
 Evacuation of a student by ambulance - the eligibility is the same as the eligibility of all Maccabi members. 
 Personal accident insurance information for students on the Ministry of Education website >>

All of the above is subject to the additional health care regulations in Maccabi.

My Maccabi Rules >

Maccabi Gold Rules >

Maccabi Money Rules >
