Referral to emergency room

During an emergency, Maccabi members may apply to any emergency room, even in hospitals that are not in arrangement with Maccabi.

 included

 Maccabi Mine
 included

 Maccabi Gold
 included

 Maccabi Silver
 included

 The basic basket

Eligibility conditions are affected by:

Medical condition
Who's eligible?

Members who applied to the ER in cases that the Ministry of Health and Maccabi defined as exempt from payment or partial payment.
What's the entitlement?

Partial or full funding, depending on the case.
How much does it cost?
Payment Exempt Inquiries

The cause of the invocation
 

Exemptions from payment within the Health Basket
 

Other cases eligible for exemption - as part of Maccabi

hospitalization
 

A friend who applied to the ER and was hospitalized, even if he had no obligation or doctor referral
 

 Friend Who Refused to Be Hospitalized Despite Emergency Room Decision
 A member who was transferred from ER in one hospital to ER at another hospital and admitted - provided that the transfer to another hospital was made in light of the decision of the hospital's medical staff, rather than the member's decision

Reference to the ER with a referral
 

 Physician referral and/or pledge form (within 24 hours of production of the form). The exemption is valid even if the member has not been hospitalized
 Referral by a doctor given when visiting home, on behalf of a company in agreement with Maccabi

 

 Referral from a doctor of the Maccabi Center or a focus in agreement with Maccabi.
 Telephone referral from a Maccabi doctor, provided that a member has been given before contacting the emergency.
 Referral from the Maccabi nurse, given to a member before referring him to the ER, in cases where there is no doctor in the facility and the patient's condition requires urgent referral to the emergency.
 A referral from the call center nurse “Maccabi Nonstop” goes beyond the operating hours of the Maccabi clinics - provided that the member arrived at the ER within 24 hours of the referral.

Emergency evacuation by ambulance
 

Evacuation by ATAN/NAN ambulance

Fractures and injuries
 

 New fragment
 Acute dislocation of shoulder or elbow
 An injury that requires defragmentation by sewing, gluing or other defragmentation
 Jaw Discharge

 

 Dislocation of any joint, except the fingers of the hands and feet
 Dento-alveolar contusion (tooth exit or serious tooth displacement) that requires immediate fixation of the tooth

Foreign body or toxic substance
 

Inhalation of a foreign body into the respiratory tract
 

 ingestion of a foreign body (when the medical centers and centers of Maccabi are closed)
 ingestion of toxic substances (when Maccabi's medical centers and centers are closed)

burns 
 

3rd degree burn
 

eyes 
 

Penetration of a foreign body into the eye
 

Eye burn due to chemical

Pregnancy and childbirth
 

Birth axes
 

 Lack of fetal movements from the 28th week onwards - relying on a doctor's diagnosis that indicates
 Massive bleeding in a pregnant woman

newborns
 

 Sudden appearance of high fever (above 38.5 degrees) - up to 2 months of age (60 days)
 Head trauma - up to 2 years of age

 

Treatment given in emergency room
 

Treatment given in an emergency room for these diseases:

 crab
 Hemophilia
 Cystic fibrosis CF
 Family dysautonomia
 Dialysis patients

 

Urine retention that necessitated the installation of a catheter in the ER

Victims of violence
 

 Victims of sexual violence
 Victims of domestic violence

 

hostilities
 

Casualty of hostilities recognized by Social Security - on the day of the incident or near the event
 

accidents
 

 Work accident - injured in a work accident involving confirmation from his employer for work injury (Form L 250 or L Form 283), provided that he applied to the ER within 7 days of the injury
 Car accident - emergency visit up to 48 hours from the day of the accident. The exemption will be granted in showing a police clearance
 Car accident - emergency visit within 3-7 days from the date of the accident. The exemption will be granted on the condition that the need for a visit arises from the accident. Confirmation is required from the police where the member is registered as an accident casualty, as well as an emergency release sheet
 Car Accident - Emergency Visitation from the 8th day after the accident onwards: Exemption shall be granted provided that the cause of the visit is due to the accident, and only in the case when the remaining members must pay a fee (emergency visit from 23:00 at night until 6:00am, or in case there was a medical justification for an emergency visit
 Pupil accident - a student injured at school or on a school trip. The exemption is conditional on filing a certificate from the school

 

Psychiatric triage
 

 Referral to an emergency room at a general hospital by order of a doctor or a county psychiatrist or by court order in a criminal proceeding, under the Mental Patient Care Act
 A friend who was approached or who was referred to an emergency room at a psychiatric hospital
 Referencing a psychiatric emergency room at a general hospital

Police and IPS
 

 Detainee who is in custody up to 12 months from the date of detention - faces emergency from detention center and hospitalized
 Detainee who is in custody for up to 12 months from the date of detention - faces emergency by referring a doctor 

 

 Policeman injured in operational activity
 A policeman who was referred by the police or IPS

Allergy attack or severe allergic reaction
 

Life-threatening allergic reaction
 

 Convulsions due to high fever (when the centers and medical centers of Maccabi are closed)
 Severe allergic reaction that requires intravenous infusion and/or recourse after Epipen injection

Asthma attack 
 

Asthma attack (with Maccabi's centers and medical centers closed)

Head trauma
 

 Head trauma up to the age of two
 Head trauma over 70

 

The bite or bite of an animal
 

 Snakebite
 Scorpio Bite

 

 Bite of an animal - only if a rabies vaccine was triage
 When the health chamber is closed: animal bite

Referral to ER following medical treatment carried out
 

 Bleeding after invasive action in a hospital - up to 10 days after operation
 Plaster patch applied a day prior to the referral (with Maccabi's medical centers and medical centers closed)

diabetes
 

Juvenile diabetic with hypoglycemia from 60 units below

epilepsy
 

Epileptic attack in epilepsy patient diagnosed

 
 

Epileptic seizure with Maccabi's medical centers and medical centers closed

Evacuation from a public place
 

Evacuation for triage due to sudden event:

 Loss of consciousness in case of epilepsy
 Loss of consciousness in a public place and a passerby called an ambulance

 
Reduced fee inquiries

 

 Acute dyspnea attack - A partial deductible will only be approved on the condition that in the emergency room a siturtion is measured below 90 or intravenous treatment is given. 

 In these cases, partial deductibles will only be approved if the emergency referral hiTea outside the hours of operation of Maccabi clinics and emergency centers:
 1. Contact an emergency room from 23:00 at night until 6:00am, for a reason not included in cases that provide full exemptions.
 2. A person with a recognized heart condition who was attacked had chest pains.
 3. Asthma attack (during hours when Maccabi centers are open)
 4. Renal spasm (Renal Colic) that required intra-venous therapy in ER
 5. Carrying out CT or MRI at triage
 6. diagnosed and symptomatic arrhythmia
 7. 2nd degree burn to age 3, regardless of body area percentage
 8. Members 3 to 18 years old - 2nd degree burn, if the burn covers 10% of the body surface or above
 9. Pregnant girlfriend from week 20 onwards - abdominal contusion

Under the circumstances, you must pay a deductible of NIS 235 for the pledge, and subject to changes in the Ministry of Health tariff. The payment is to Maccabi, for producing a pledge to the hospital.
Full-paid inquiries

 

If you went to the emergency room from 06:00am to 23:00 at night without a doctor's referral, and not for one of the reasons the law enumerated are exempt from payment and indicated here, you must pay a full fee of NIS 1,047 according to the Ministry of Health rate.
Where is the service provided?

Every emergency room.
What should you do?

 When contacting an emergency room due to any of the reasons exempted from payment in accordance with the state health law, you do not need to contact the medical center (branch) for a commitment. The hospital will charge Maccabi directly for the cost of the ER visit.
 In the event that the hospital has requested to bring a pledge from Maccabi, or to clarify eligibility after the emergency visit, you must transfer to the medical center a doctor's referral (if any) and a discharge summary from the emergency room (no source document required). The documents will be reviewed and according to the reason, Maccabi will issue a pledge and determine whether a deductible is required.
 The medical center will contact you up to 3 working days from the date of arrival of documents.

What else is worth knowing?

 The medical care provided in emergency rooms is charged, according to the Ministry of Health tariff. The Ministry of Health has defined cases that are exempt from payment of the fee or part of it.
 Before contacting an emergency room, it is recommended that you contact the community care centers, Maccabi emergency medicine centers and by agreement or consult with the Maccabi hotline nurse non-stop, by phone 3555*.
 When the arrival at the hospital is not due to an emergency, there is no need to pass through the emergency room.

