Trade names
Infomed's experts explain:

Cephalexin is an active substance that is found in the drugs Cephoral, Cephvite, Cephvite Forte - an antibiotic from the family of cephalosporins. Cephlexin is used against infections caused by bacteria that are sensitive to this type of antibiotic drug.

Various drugs containing cephalexin - antibiotics from the cephalosporin family
 Ratchawat Nick Wanichakul | Shutterstock

Effective for the treatment of: 

Cephalaxin (cephala, cervitate) is orally administered to treat a wide range of bacteria, especially respiratory infections, otitis media, bacterial skin infections, sinusitis, bone and joint infections, and urinary tract infection.

Important guidelines: 

You need to take Cephalexin (Cephoral, Tzephvit, Tzvit Forte) on time as directed by the doctor and complete all treatment. Failure to complete treatment can cause the return of infection or the development of bacterial resistance to antibiotics. 

When is it forbidden to use the drug: 

Do not use cephalexin (Cephoral, Tzebuit, Tzebuit Forte) in the following cases: 

- if you have sensitivity to cephalexin. 

- if you are sensitive to other types of antibiotics from cephalosporin or penicillins groups. An allergic reaction can include: rash, itching, difficulty breathing, or swelling of the face, lips, throat, or tongue.

- You suffer from porphyria- hereditary metabolic disease.

 Information about the drug
 How to take the drug
 Capsules (do not open or chew), slurry.
 Frequency and time of taking
 Every 6 hours (4 times a day), or every 12 hours (twice a day) - by dosage.
 Dosage range

 Infections of the respiratory tract, middle ear, bones and joints, genitourinary tract: Adults: 250-500 mg every 6 hours, Severe infections: 500 - 1000 mg every 6 hours, Maximum dose: 4 g per day. Children: 25-100 mg/kg per day in divided doses every 6 hours, maximum dose: 3 g per day.

 Inflammation of the pharynx (pharyngitis), urinary tract infections, infections of the skin: adults: 500 mg every 12 hours. Children: 25-50 mg/kg per day, divided into 2 doses, every 12 hours.
 The beginning of the impact
 Within an hour.
 Duration of impact
 Within an hour.
 A Forgotten Dish
 Should be taken immediately when remembered. If the time battle for taking the next dose, skip the forgotten dish, and take the next dose as usual. Do not take a double dose. It is necessary to have an interval of 4-6 hours between serving and serving.
 Discontinuation of the drug
 Treatment must be completed in full. Even if there has been an improvement in feeling, the original infection may still be present, and symptoms may return if you stop treatment too early.
 Excess Dosage
 Casual excess dose should not worry. But if special symptoms are noticed, or if a large excess dose has been taken, seek medical attention.
 warehousing

 Capsules: Keep in a dry and cool place (up to 25 degrees).
 Slurry: after its preparation should be kept in the refrigerator (2-8 degrees) for no more than 7 days.
 warnings
 nutrition
 There are no restrictions. It is possible to take with food.
 alcohol
 It is recommended to limit the amount of drinking, alcohol may increase the side effects of this drug.
 driving
 Driving should be avoided until you learn how the drug affects, as this drug can cause blurring.
 pregnancy
 Do not use without consulting a doctor.
 nursing
 Consult your doctor before use.
 Babies and children
 It is necessary to reduce the dose depending on age and weight.
 seniors
 A greater likelihood of side effects. Dosage reduction may be necessary.
 Report to the doctor in case of
 hemorrhage
 Diarrhea
 Kidney disease
 Gastrointestinal tract disease
 Past allergic reaction to cephalosporin-type antibiotics
 Past allergic reaction to penicillin-type antibiotics
 pregnancy
 nursing
 Liver disease
 Problems with blood clotting
 Overdose risk
 short
 Risk from developing dependency
 short
 Side effects

 Common side effects of Cafural, Tzephvit or Tzvit Forte are: nausea, dizziness, fatigue, headache, or diarrhea. Sores in the mouth or tongue, itching and vaginal discharge (signs associated with onychomycosis - it is recommended to see a doctor).

 In the following cases, it is necessary to stop taking the drug and immediately seek medical attention:

 Strong abdominal pain, acute diarrhea with or without fever.

 Allergic manifestations such as: skin rash or difficulty breathing.

 Urgently consult a doctor if the following side effects develop: fever, extreme weakness, jaundice, pain or swelling of muscles and joints, confusion, hallucinations, bruises or hemorrhages. 
 Details of reaction with other drugs
 Combining Cefrul or Tzvit/Tzvite/Tzvit Forte with the following drugs may cause unwanted reactions or reduce therapeutic efficacy:

 Provenecid: This drug increases the level of cefalaxin in the blood. Adjustment of the dose of cephalaxin may be required.

 Birth control pills: Cefalaxin may reduce the effectiveness of these drugs. Consult a doctor.

 Drugs that may cause renal toxicity, such as: aminoglycosides, tetracyclines, sulfonamides, certain diuretics, methotrexate, and encomycin: may increase the risk of renal toxicity used with cephalosporins, especially in risk groups such as: the elderly, and patients with a previous renal problem.

 Azthronam, penicillins: Ceflexin has a stronger effect when combined with these antibiotics.

 Anticoagulants and anticoagulants: there may be an amplification of a blood-thinning effect.

 Metformin, antacids and antacids: there may be changes in antibiotic levels in the blood.
 Effect of prolonged use
 Cephlexin is usually prescribed for short periods of treatment (usually 10-14 days).