Advil Advil
Medical / generic name
Ibuprofen

Commercial name
Addex, Addex Forte, Advil, Artofan, Ibuprofen, Nurofen, Nurofen for Kids, Advil for Kids Suspension, Addex Liquid Gels, Nurofen Forte, Ivo, Advil Forte, Nurofen Quick, Nurofen for Kids Forte

Areas of care
Anti-inflammatories, pain relievers, fever reducers

About the drug, dosage and instructions for use, warnings and side effects
general comment
The information in the guide is not a substitute for advice or a basis for a medical diagnosis. For more detailed information on the drugs, please refer to the consumer leaflet, as approved by the Ministry of Health. For any further questions, consult the attending physician or the pharmacist.

What is it for?
Ibuprofen is a very common drug that belongs to the family of non-steroidal anti-inflammatories.

It is used to treat inflammation, pain, and high fever. Among other things, it can be used to treat period pains, headaches, migraines, muscle inflammations, arthritis and high fever in small children.

Ibuprofen is marketed in Israel in several preparations with different trade names such as Norofen, Norofen Forte, Norofen Quick, Advil, Advil Forte, Addex, Addex Forte, Artofen and Ibufen. It is forbidden to combine the various preparations, unless the doctor specifically ordered to do so.

For children, there are two types of preparations: suspension (Nurofen for children, Advil for children, Aibo) and suppositories (Nurofen). It can be given to babies from the age of 3 months (with a doctor's prescription). From the age of 6 months there is no need for a prescription. See more information in the "Dosage and instructions for use" section.

Ibuprofen is also marketed in preparations that combine other active ingredients such as Norofen Plus (combined with codeine), Norofen Cold and Flu and Advil Cold and Sinus (combined with pseudoephedrine). The information in this guide does not refer to combined preparations of ibuprofen. Ibuprofen is also marketed in a gel for topical application to the skin (Nurofen Gel).

Is the use of this drug dangerous?
In the usual doses of the drug, it is considered safe to use for most patients. However, there are cases in which the drug should not be used, and there are also warnings regarding its use, significant side effects, and reactions with other drugs. For detailed information, see this guide in the "Warnings and Side Effects" tab.

Please note: the guide presented here deals with the drug ibuprofen when it is given as a single preparation, which is not combined with other drugs. Therefore, the guide here does not deal with combined preparations such as Kombudex, Nurofen Plus, Nurofen Cold or Advil Cold and Sinus.

How long does it take for the drug to take effect?
Analgesic effect: within half an hour to an hour of taking the medicine.

Fever reduction: usually within an hour of taking the medicine.

What is the duration of the drug's effect?
The drug has an effect for 6 to 8 hours after taking it.

If the fever does not go down after a few hours of taking the medicine, you should consult your doctor or pharmacist.

In some cases, this drug can be combined with other antipyretic drugs such as acetaminophen. See the "interdrug reactions" section.

How the medicine is given:

suspension


capsules

Is a prescription required?
No